Improve keycloak configuration docs (#10238)
cBioPortal/cbioportal: docs/deployment/authorization-and-authentication/Authenticating-and-Authorizing-Users-via-keycloak.md

instance, and not any other roles tracked in Keycloak.

### Export configuration for cBioPortal

There are two known ways to download the keycloak configuration (aka IDP SSO Descriptor) file for cBioPortal.

#### I. Download via link

The file can be fetched by the following url:

```
http(s)://{KEYCLOAK-URL}/auth/realms/{REALM-NAME}/protocol/saml/descriptor
```

For example:

```
curl -o client-tailored-saml-idp-metadata.xml "http://localhost:8081/auth/realms/cbioportal/protocol/saml/descriptor"
```

**Note:** if you use https protocol with self-signed protocol you need to add `--insecure` option to the above curl command.

#### II. Export via GUI (legacy)
1. Next, navigate to the **Installation** tab for the same client.
2. Select _SAML Metadata IDPSSODescriptor_ as the Format Option and click the **Download** button.

> **Note:** This GUI option removed from the newer versions of keycloak.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ This GUI option has been removed from the newer versions of Keycloak.
```

#### Logging

Getting this to work requires many steps, and can be a bit tricky.  If you get stuck or get an obscure error message, your best bet is to turn on all DEBUG logging.
This can be done via `src/main/resources/logback.xml`. See [logback.DEBUG.EXAMPLE.xml](./logback.DEBUG.EXAMPLE.xml) file for an example of how to configure debug levels for cbioportal.

Then, rebuild the WAR, redeploy, and try to authenticate again.  Your log file will then include hundreds of SAML-specific messages, even the full XML of each SAML message, and this should help you debug the error.

> if you're using the Docker container, mount the file instead with `-v ./logback.xml:/cbioportal-webapp/WEB-INF/classes/logback.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the Docker container, mount the file instead with `-v ./logback.xml:/cbioportal-webapp/WEB-INF/classes/logback.xml`.
```
